Gwenevere Abriel: Feet right
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, look.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good your hair. It's all off to the side.
Nicole Roybal: pigtails.
Gwenevere Abriel: I liked it.
Nicole Roybal: And from yesterday.
Nicole Roybal: Their workload is so exhausting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to turn my air conditioning down and cannot feel my feet.
Nicole Roybal: I will be right. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Summer. I like it, but can't feel my nose or my toes.
Nicole Roybal: My parents don't even have the air conditioner on yet so
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what's it been like
Nicole Roybal: It's been busy. The past few days, obviously really busy with them cleaning sanitizing the score.
Nicole Roybal: Is so just stop has been taking up everything.
Nicole Roybal: But if I've been finding myself like I've been wanting to wake up to giving getting like depressed again.
Nicole Roybal: Oh, you know,
Nicole Roybal: This guy. Oh, I don't know, we haven't really been talking again you don't mind me for snoring. Ever since I just haven't been on good terms. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That just never got figured out that snoring thing.
Nicole Roybal: No, I haven't really been over there since I went over there.
Nicole Roybal: Is one other night, and I can't remember why we started fighting something stupid. And the next morning, we want a huge right and I ended up walking home. I didn't even
Nicole Roybal: Try
Nicole Roybal: To track down the road. It's like
Nicole Roybal: Lewis him answer my mom's house is our new apartment look into. But still, just like you do, huh.
Nicole Roybal: I haven't really been taught me.
Nicole Roybal: Which is why do I invest
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that is
Gwenevere Abriel: An explanation and
Gwenevere Abriel: You could do it differently, doesn't mean that everyone who goes right you just happen to respond that way.
Nicole Roybal: I mean, I feel fine and everything, but I'm do. That's why I got six I wasn't eating like it is. I don't eat.
Nicole Roybal: And I think that's why I ended up getting sick or maybe it was food poisoning. I'm not sure what it was. I don't know. I send it to me once before and it was one of me and him were fighting. I got this. I wasn't eating. Yeah, but, um, anyway.
Nicole Roybal: He has it. But first of all, it is fine. Like, I'm all the pastor of the day. I've been eating lately, but I just when I wake up I just find myself just wind stay in bed. Like, I don't want to get up for nothing. Yeah, I got me up the past few days was asked to go to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the sequence that you just described is
Gwenevere Abriel: Arguing with boyfriend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then feel depressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: nauseous stomach.
Huh.
Nicole Roybal: Every time I'm eating. I feel like I'm forcing it down because like I just don't even want to eat. I'm just like, I feel nauseous with everybody. And I'm just like you did, you need to eat girl. Come on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're noticing you are forcing yourself to eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you are eating.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, like forcing it down. Yeah.
Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, since it happened. Other did through up and all that stuff. I've been trying to make sure I eat because that was really scary. I have gained stuck is very scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you were dehydrated.
Nicole Roybal: No, I wasn't. I did it all. I drink water all day.
Nicole Roybal: But I was
Nicole Roybal: Damaged malnourished.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Okay. We're like, what do we call that like frozen somehow
Gwenevere Abriel: Frozen stuck when you woke up.
Nicole Roybal: No, I woke up sweating blood drenched like dripping in sweat and then all of a sudden like
Nicole Roybal: I didn't feel that it really didn't feel good. I had been going up and I felt my hand side to cramp and I've had that before but last time they come to like that this
Nicole Roybal: Guy was weird stuff like that and they called me like yells for her mom any actual triangles, like I don't know what's going on and
Nicole Roybal: She told her again. Oh, she was like, I told her, get a cool. Tell me on my head and out for a second and then also in my body is really
Nicole Roybal: It's shaking like not like shaking, shaking, but it's kind of like jumbling my chest and everything and then I told her I need to give him a bath and you give him a bath.
Nicole Roybal: Run a warm bath to me and I got in with all my clothes on and just like lead in there for 15 minutes in ships like pour water on my chest. My throat started like
Nicole Roybal: So like not being able to talk for a second. Like, oh like that was weird. And then she started pouring the water with a cup over mind like neck right here.
Nicole Roybal: And then finally, like it calmed down, and I just like doing, trying to breathe in the breathing exercises basically write them as much as I could hold it in because if I could barely breathe and um
Nicole Roybal: And then finally I calmed down after like 10 minutes and my hands. Finally, with my hands kept like all day like kept like
Nicole Roybal: cropping up but they weren't getting stuck there like cramping and all the way up to here was hurting and they kept going, dead all day and I have to just I laid in bed all day and I kept like sweating and
Nicole Roybal: It almost happened one other time later on in the day, but I call myself down to where
Nicole Roybal: It was honestly it scared the crap out of
Nicole Roybal: Them.
Nicole Roybal: Like don't go, Nicole. The ambulance was like, No, I don't want to go to the hospital right now.
Nicole Roybal: We'll figure it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if Nicole, we do no change to see
Gwenevere Abriel: What the variable is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: If I want to rule out something I make no change, except one tiny thing or I basically just go I make no change. And I see what's going on with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're tapering off the gabapentin if you're tapering down off the buprenorphine if you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing something specific, with the marijuana. If you have just gone really you're smoking so much more only you, you know, so it's, I'm not going to do anything different than yesterday and tomorrow. I'm just going to go go. Steady on, what I'm doing to see
Gwenevere Abriel: If I then change one little thing. What was that notion crapping all about. I want to rule it out. I want to want to figure out, I want to deconstruct. What was it. Now the hard part with the with the psychology piece with the stressor around arguing with boyfriend. Those are harder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm deconstruct
Gwenevere Abriel: But sometimes when we do the ones around eating, sleeping ingesting substances is then it informs okay I've tried I've rolled out everything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it is psychological
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what we could do.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, well I know for like I i feel like for a fact that eating definitely had a lot to do with it once I ate. I felt
Nicole Roybal: So much better. Yeah. She was the first day I finally eight like all three Mills okay breakfast, lunch and dinner, and I felt so much better shield. I got so much better and to do a better job of just getting out of bed, but
Nicole Roybal: I know it's eating. So I know like world. I know. That's what's making me
Nicole Roybal: Get sick if I get sick. Like if I start going up or anything. If I've been eating enough and then
Nicole Roybal: But what I'm eating and enforcing it down. That's what I can't, I don't know why I'm feeling sick while I'm eating. That's what drives me nuts. So that's I guess what you're saying. I gotta figure out why it's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just, let's just sit with that one for a second. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: That's the
Nicole Roybal: Main point I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: When just first response, don't, don't do the analysis of it just first response.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you Daniel are calling around and everything's
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. You guys eat together.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Even if we are fighting I eat as long as I'm with him. I eat the noise. I'm just like there with him.
Nicole Roybal: Like when I'm honest, I don't even want to cook and I'm over there. I always cook or what
Gwenevere Abriel: So something's going on. Maybe while we're getting closer to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something about being in that house.
Nicole Roybal: Maybe
Nicole Roybal: It like, as I said before, I always feel like my parents don't mind having me here and stuff but I get annoying after a while and it felt like a burden, sometimes
Nicole Roybal: I don't think they think that I feel that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch.
Gwenevere Abriel: To try and say that out loud. See what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a burden. I'm a burden to my mother, see where that lands in the body.
Nicole Roybal: And a burden to my mother.
Nicole Roybal: I'm trying to, yeah.
And I can hear right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel like you feel like eating.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I'm hungry right now. Actually, I just woke up like minutes ago. So I'm pretty
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure, why don't you go grab grab something to nibble on
Nicole Roybal: There's really nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you have in the house.
Nicole Roybal: I got to cook.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, what would you cook.
Nicole Roybal: Bacon potatoes and as well. I don't eat eggs. But I'd make that we're going out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you eat the bacon in the potato.
Yeah.
Okay.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know why excellent me God
Nicole Roybal: And I love eggs for some reason they made me God for like the past 45 years
Nicole Roybal: Maybe longer
Nicole Roybal: Is making me say that out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: To tell me what you're thinking about
Nicole Roybal: And I guess just like
Nicole Roybal: Don't ever feel like I belong anywhere.
Nicole Roybal: Everybody
Nicole Roybal: eventually gets tired.
Nicole Roybal: So I can't even get away from me, because I am we
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever check that out with your mom checked out. If that reality you just shared with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that is true.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, we've had, like,
Nicole Roybal: Like in the past and I stayed here. We've had like joking memorization about it but not like a real conversation. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: John conversations that does so, but not in a intentional.
Gwenevere Abriel: Discussion, you haven't done it that way.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well then, every day, you're stuck with
Gwenevere Abriel: This assumption I don't belong here. I'm not wanted. I have nowhere I have no tribe.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's an awful feeling, you know, all and
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're one conversation away from being done with that. I think that's not true.
Nicole Roybal: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I think if you heard it from a credible long meeting one that's sober. SHE SHOULDN'T HAVE THE CREDIBILITY. Remember drunk and we were just it loses credibility that one, don't count.
Gwenevere Abriel: For anything right. It's an inhibitor so well.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that one doesn't have credibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this might be underlying a lot of what's holding you back.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you knew
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I am wanted here that might free up all the psychological space for spontaneity for getting out of bed for being doing you
Nicole Roybal: Well, also, to likely like the past few days have been going crazy about the virus things I've been like it, as well as your hands. Wash your hands. Wash your hands do this clean out the candles do this, like, you know, like I've been going like
Nicole Roybal: Like a leaf freakin horrible everything
Nicole Roybal: You're driving me nuts. You shut up.
Nicole Roybal: She told me she's like you're driving me nuts like cut it out like why isn't following the precautions. I'm trying to protect myself as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we put that to the side for a
Nicole Roybal: Second. Oh, yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Oh yeah, I just wanted to
Nicole Roybal: Talk about the virus. I just wanted to put into
Nicole Roybal: The fact that it made me feel more about we live like a burden or that I'm bugging them because
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. She
Nicole Roybal: expressed to me. I was putting like bugging her you know i mean
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm and I'm only saying let's put it to the side only because it's a that's a content.
Gwenevere Abriel: Discussion and I want to stay here in process, which means talking about relationship with mother because content can be dishes laundry.
Nicole Roybal: Virus that
Gwenevere Abriel: You did, you did just perfect. It's just me picking a place to start.
Nicole Roybal: It was not very good.
Nicole Roybal: You didn't do anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to credible if you heard her say
Gwenevere Abriel: Sweetheart, why would you think that if anything
Gwenevere Abriel: I am. I'm a, I'm kind of a bad mom I fucked up.
Nicole Roybal: If anything is my name.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know but
Gwenevere Abriel: I can, I can wish it for you can't
See him here.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So less than that would be no of course not. You're being ridiculous.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you say if I said, oh, cut it out. Don't think like that of course your wanted here. What would you say to me, to make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: That you believe me, what would you make sure you heard what you needed to hear.
Nicole Roybal: Well, of course, you're gonna sell it. You're right.
Nicole Roybal: And
Nicole Roybal: Krishna. So your mom and
Nicole Roybal: I don't know if I truly believe it because I could tell by some hands on your guys's actions or your expressions.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. What do you mean, what do you mean my actions and expressions. What are you talking about keep some keep coming.
Nicole Roybal: Just that. I don't know. I just like I bug the crap out, you guys. I'm always like smoking year we using your stuff. I'm not saying that for anything. So like, I'm just
Nicole Roybal: Use the just like a waste of space as just using up all your guys's crap.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm going to say to them.
Nicole Roybal: To do it should say should probably get Miami for feeling bad about myself and
Nicole Roybal: Tell me to shut up that she knows that.
Nicole Roybal: And welcome here. No matter what
Nicole Roybal: No.
Nicole Roybal: chime in and say something
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would he say
Nicole Roybal: I shouldn't be keeping ridiculous.
Nicole Roybal: How I talk for my bad. No, it's
All right.
Nicole Roybal: What
Gwenevere Abriel: What mom could say
Gwenevere Abriel: What you could hear
Gwenevere Abriel: His
Gwenevere Abriel: Have to give is a place to stay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Food to eat.
And weed.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what we have. It's yours. We ain't got much but we got that.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: They give me a lot more than that of course i mean they have been like appreciating me a lot. They keep telling us you know one
Nicole Roybal: That helped out with the school that we appreciate you guys so much. I thank you. Thank you.
Nicole Roybal: Moving super nice if we don't ever fight or anything, but it's just I just feel it.
Nicole Roybal: I'm different than all let me know, like, hey, I am crazy about cleaning, stuff like that. And all them are so lazy.
Nicole Roybal: Like with the dishes thing like I told you about the plates on top of balls and just like little things like that I
Nicole Roybal: Keep trying to talk them and I'm trying to teach them better ways to live.
Nicole Roybal: But as I said before, I can just come in and expect to change them.
Nicole Roybal: So keep trying.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's stick with I'm different.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if the conversation was still with your mother. If I'm her and you say, Hey, Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I still welcome here even though I'm a pain in the ass and I want my precaution steps and my concerns about the virus are different than everybody else's. Do you still love me.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, of course. And I know she loves me.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, she knows me as much as dress. My siblings.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: So it looks like pulled it out issue to
Gwenevere Abriel: What can I hear what you said.
Nicole Roybal: I told her that yesterday, I just told her, because
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. I have to evolve, because she made it was like a stupid. I don't know. Jimmy bone in pork chops. I don't like the lens of the bone in
Nicole Roybal: Bone out because the boat in one. Do you think talk with for some reason to me. I don't know. I'm weird.
Nicole Roybal: But I'm always like that. My whole life I've always do that. And she's like, I'm like, I don't know. You remember that I've always loved that growing up.
Nicole Roybal: I remember it. I was like, Yeah, but I bet I'm like yeah, this is your middle child and you don't care. Bye. But it feels Isaac that you'd like us remember
Nicole Roybal: It's just something I'll shut the hell up and walked away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can, can we just sit with that for a second.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not sitting with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hang hang in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You started this with Grant. I'm going to tell you a story.
Gwenevere Abriel: I told my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I think you treat me differently. I think you love me less than my siblings and then I heard how you did it. And I'm so glad I asked those questions because I isn't what you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you said
Gwenevere Abriel: Was you don't remember what I like because I'm the middle child.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't say
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom, do you love me the same. You didn't say mom when you don't remember things like I like butter cream, ice cream on my cake and I only like butter on my pancakes and I want bone out pork chops the meaning I make out of it is you love less
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't say that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, wait, what you do is you hope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Same way, she hopes that shut the hell up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Equals. I love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hope that you don't care because I'm the middle child you hope that your analysis is us analysis. When you say you don't care because I'm the middle child on allies. This is because I'm going to show
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't love me in the same sentence you hope that you've communicated the same thing as mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you love me the same as you love my siblings.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Honestly, they don't communicate the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, you know, when in working with me. My the way I do my little role plays are very direct. They're like, they're like razor blade sharp right I don't mess around. I don't play with metaphor I just
Gwenevere Abriel: I just
Gwenevere Abriel: I just go right in there. Now, I assume that people are uncomfortable with that because it is is
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a difficult thing to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's very foreign you have a whole lifetime of this thing. You don't care because I'm the middle child that's passive
Gwenevere Abriel: aggressive communication you sent to your mom and she gave it right back to you and you summarize it with. We had to talk about it this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna be like
Nicole Roybal: Talk more about
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, you never said the word love
Gwenevere Abriel: You never did. You never asked her, Do you love me the same you never said I feel less love what you did was tell stories about pork chops and being middle child. You were a little psychoanalyst in there and and guess what a mom moms don't want to hear that.
Nicole Roybal: I know of course it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Nicole Roybal: We ended up all the hurt her feelings too and that's it makes me feel a little more shooting.
Nicole Roybal: Probably hurt her feelings by saying that
Nicole Roybal: That's something I need to like stop doing it better. Like I keep putting like
Nicole Roybal: Like my feelings like sometimes like sometimes like it might like just like always put others feelings before mine and I'll be looking out for the way they feel. Before I looked up for the way I and you
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost right almost
Gwenevere Abriel: Spoke your truth but your way of communicating it around on the middle child was indirect. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: It's different. My mom. Looks like I said, I can't do that book. My mom, I didn't eat it or don't I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: What she
Gwenevere Abriel: Drinking when you had this you don't care. I'm the middle child.
Nicole Roybal: No. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Yes. In the morning Schmidt pork chops or breakfast.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you weren't worried about her feelings. If you trusted that she can take care of herself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you wanted to hear it once and for all. Or maybe you want to hear it every week. I don't know how many times it's going to take. Or maybe for the rest of your life. You might need to keep hearing it. Would that be okay if you needed to hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Austin.
Gwenevere Abriel: For quite a while that you needed to keep hearing it your way. Like, yeah, this is the way you know I got a lifetime to like be a little confused about my place in this family, a little confused there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We love him on
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, is it okay that you need it the way you need it.
Nicole Roybal: No.
Nicole Roybal: Selfish
Gwenevere Abriel: So until you get over that part. There's no way you can be direct because you are saying you don't deserve it. So we got to get past that part that you even deserve.
Gwenevere Abriel: The same portion as anybody else.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know if this matters. My thing like part of what has to do it like not feeling like I belong, because like going up every time, like a big family force.
Nicole Roybal: And every time. Like we go to like a birthday party or Thanksgiving already Earth, our family when I was younger.
Nicole Roybal: There was always people that were my little sister's he was I'm hanging out. There's always people that were older and my older sisters each and hurting out. There's no one never known for me anything out socially with the way to grown up kids, there's a way to young kids.
Nicole Roybal: Right. And I never
Nicole Roybal: I was always just like, kind of like lost like where do I go to I hang out with, you know, I think that might have something to do it. Not feeling like I belong.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it looks like it's true because look, you're saying like, I bet it's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't belong. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where the older kids. I was a little red bells bugging them. And if I was with the younger kids and all their little runs are bugging me. So it was just like
Way.
Nicole Roybal: So those irritated.
Gwenevere Abriel: There it is, there is that last and people are irritated with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever remember feeling
Like you belong
Gwenevere Abriel: With some of your friends when you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Cheering or something like that.
Nicole Roybal: Oh god.
Nicole Roybal: I can't think of anything. They do I have, I'm just trying to think of which group of friends. I thought the most
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Doing
Nicole Roybal: I guess. Yeah, my friends from West Mesa the like my last senior year I had to them. And those friends actually really we're super nice to me and like accepting and every judge me and
Gwenevere Abriel: Now there's one
Gwenevere Abriel: Good God, you had it. Did you was the thing that you had in common.
Gwenevere Abriel: A sport and activity, drinking, smoking vandalizing, what was it,
Nicole Roybal: Probably drinking, smoking, honestly. So we did every day and go
Nicole Roybal: drink and smoke was like our main thing.
Nicole Roybal: Or flyers and things flying around me. IT'S PISSING ME OFF.
Nicole Roybal: I know I don't. I think it's like a Mac. It's not big enough to the way
Nicole Roybal: They came in from outside.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how old is this West Mesa age. How old are you, West Mesa
Nicole Roybal: Graduated I was 18
Gwenevere Abriel: What else was going on at that time. Tell me more about that time.
Nicole Roybal: I had became friends with this girl Raquel show my friend no more, but
Nicole Roybal: When she was on the Phillies on the dance team. And I don't mean there's got really close. And then we just
Nicole Roybal: Me and her sorry hanging out and then somehow my friend Monique Gladden mix. And then my friend Erica got in the mix and
Nicole Roybal: We're all just like four best friends are always hanging out and we're always together, just so we really, we go to school, go to our first class and then we have like a little break after that. And during that break. We just need we go and get a friggin gallon of vodka and drink it.
Nicole Roybal: And so we're just hanging out with all of our like a
Nicole Roybal: guy friends all day and stuff, ones that weren't in school tomorrow dropouts.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. It just really good times. Now I put together. We didn't hurt early five foot tall girls are but
You
Nicole Roybal: Know,
Nicole Roybal: I want to get it with my hands. I think I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you say there's some significance around a change in the pattern of drinking
Gwenevere Abriel: prior to age 18 and after like that seemed like that was an important time period where it went up. Was that an important time period.
Nicole Roybal: Well yeah cuz when I graduated
Nicole Roybal: I don't even know. Like what does ditching all the time, you know, how the hell is depressing. But what significant and what do you mean, like, like it was an important time in my life or in drink.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just around the amount, maybe in the frequency of the drinking. Do you think that was a
Gwenevere Abriel: Say a milestone in okay the progression of the drinking changed, right around that time period.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, that's when I started drinking in the morning.
Nicole Roybal: I think that's about needs to drink in the morning.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah because yeah after that was when I did start drinking heavily with all the time. Like I drink in the morning and it wouldn't be a problem like steak. Yes, drink.
Nicole Roybal: Not good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your parents didn't know
Nicole Roybal: When I was teaching at school. No.
Nicole Roybal: Did they know you have to come home and go straight to sleep after school, so I don't know, maybe, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't know. Maybe they didn't know and maybe
Nicole Roybal: They probably did that.
Nicole Roybal: Or they knew, and I was drunk.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on a second, hold on.
Nicole Roybal: I'm trying to think, actually, like, think about that.
Nicole Roybal: Of course, once I was 21 they knew
Nicole Roybal: That before 21 i don't think Daniels drinking that much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they know during the time
Gwenevere Abriel: That you were becoming chemically dependent on opiates. Did they know about that part.
Nicole Roybal: No, they didn't know I was on heroin. So basically I got off of that.
Nicole Roybal: They had their suspicions and stuff, but they didn't have nothing like no concrete like proof that I was doing it. So they would like think I was, but they weren't sure like in the back of your mind. Basically, like, I don't want to believe it or not, I mean,
Nicole Roybal: Then, once I got off it. And I told them how it was getting off. It was so like disappointed in me. I was doing it. But then once I got through it as clean. They're really proud.
Nicole Roybal: That
Nicole Roybal: We both knew my sister that's on it now.
Nicole Roybal: They finally stopped giving her money and stuff, but they wouldn't even give me $5 when I was on it. They suspected that with my sister. They've given her a bunch of money because she has a baby.
Nicole Roybal: And it's like, that's something that's always got me really mad. Like, why do you help her with her dress with these will be without me if my
Gwenevere Abriel: Drug Abuse help me pay for the drugs you paid for my sister's heroin, but you won't pay for mine.
Nicole Roybal: Basically well because you'll see any money for diapers any $20 for this for the baby and they'll give it to her knowing. She's lying, but they know what she's using it for. But they still get richer, not anymore, but they used
Gwenevere Abriel: So you would have liked your parents to fund some of your heroin use to
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, it sounds bad. I know what I mean by it is, it's more of like a deeper
Nicole Roybal: Another way of feeling they didn't care for it, but they'll give her money but they wouldn't give me money because they don't care about
Nicole Roybal: Is how I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know how you think.
Nicole Roybal: I'm, I'm glad they didn't find it. I'm happy, I'm happy about that. But for somebody in the background. I still get really upset about that.
Nicole Roybal: Situation. I know, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just so now you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Smoking there we'd
Gwenevere Abriel: Go anywhere. Don't go anywhere just if you give this away. I will be gone.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep breathing breathe funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you smoke their weed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it turns out that they're pissed off at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might run the risk of interpreting that is they don't love you.
Nicole Roybal: I'm confused. What do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: If they say
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't smoke mind, we'd
Nicole Roybal: All go
Gwenevere Abriel: Go slow
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you going to feel they say
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't smoke my weed.
Nicole Roybal: I'm good.
Nicole Roybal: Without I do to get this punishment reserve this punishment.
Nicole Roybal: I them by probably understand and I did okay well because my database housing one hand washes the other
Nicole Roybal: So I'll be like, well, I'll catch you back. Oh, go by Simon smoke with do it that way, just kind of, you know, getting
Nicole Roybal: Us all the joy, joy, joy, awesome like next time. Not right after each other, but I don't know, I probably have come up with some bargain.
Nicole Roybal: So bad looking like that.
Nicole Roybal: I know it's not good. Sophie.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your house, much like the heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Funded for sister not fair. There's no judgment. It's we're looking at it objectively and saying how
Gwenevere Abriel: How is communication of love exchanged in your house.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your house. No one calls each other out and says, Are you drinking. Nobody sleeps in like this. I don't understand, and they love could look like that where they checked in on school checked on to make sure you are attending that isn't how your family worked
Gwenevere Abriel: It was
Gwenevere Abriel: About
Gwenevere Abriel: If I don't call anyone out. I won't get called out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just drink together so together and and we don't have to own the fact that neither one of us doing this as healthy.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, my family never calls each other on anything. I'm the only one that does. And that's why guys but next I'm going to say something no one else has anything
Gwenevere Abriel: But a child, Nicole. When you rely on your family for shelter and food and everything. It is very difficult to call a family out. So you've had to
Gwenevere Abriel: repress
Gwenevere Abriel: Your best
Gwenevere Abriel: instinct to go to school to do the things that you want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your family environment didn't match what you wanted to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's happening again around prevention of virus, your intuition is over here. Maybe you heard it in here. Wherever you want to be careful in just in such way and it's coming up again.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want
Gwenevere Abriel: To be proactive.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that doesn't match the family norm, the family norm is shush, let's get by, let's get by skin. Hi, just
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you're doing with clean and careful doesn't match, it means they're going to have to see other things like
Nicole Roybal: You know, did you get sick. One of us for years freaking serious now.
Probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you want to go at it but but the same way you want to go out with the virus like someone like me would be going at it around, how could you possibly drink or smoke with your child. How could you do that. But wait, hold on. Don't go anywhere. It's different. It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not right, it's not wrong. It's just, this is how your family operates. Are you going to keep fighting it or accepted for exactly what it is.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, it was like, I'm always like fighting them like trying to, like, get them to like be better change their ways, you know, and I can't force them doing things that helps just want to be helped.
Nicole Roybal: And I keep trying and keep trying and I even just like like their habits will gather habits of like cleanliness and stuff and they have been washing their hands and stuff.
Nicole Roybal: It's men, my little brother and my dad, they will not take it seriously, I'm just like, What the hell's wrong with you guys.
Nicole Roybal: I got my little brother taken as a joke. Why don't you just take it as a joke. Every time I tell him to Washington. He says that it pisses them off. It makes them not want to watch it.
Nicole Roybal: Because I'm pushing him and my God, we've been pushing as hard as I've been pushing everyone else.
Nicole Roybal: The two guys in their house just don't want to take it seriously. That's what's been driving me nuts like I just tried to try and trying to like push make them be cleaner.
Nicole Roybal: And going crazy.
Nicole Roybal: But keep trying and trying and nothing's working
Gwenevere Abriel: You can either give up, keep doing what you're doing present facts from right CDC pulling it out and getting information this these are real. These are these people that are dying this these are facts, they can still not pay attention to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's you moving out. There's you getting a job getting out there, going back to school do what she needs to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You happen to have an environment right now. That makes it that much more difficult, but you we don't know that to be 100% true. Maybe you are in class and you're doing it online or you whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: Lots can be done, but you're pushing it them is having the exact opposite of what you want. So you got to say, who's crazy, the one that keeps doing the same thing, getting the same results.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not working.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your environment isn't used to anybody doing the right thing. They don't like it. They don't want to hear that.
Gwenevere Abriel: They want to hear what's going on.
Nicole Roybal: Because I asked her, What's wrong with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you are yet again in a in a situation where you are the odd one out now. It's a really uncomfortable one. You just told some some stories about not fitting in. And here it is again I don't fit in again. Again, I don't fit in.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're so we're in my house means you're the freak.
But that
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't mean that it's not right for you.
Nicole Roybal: That's why I'm feeling so much more left out.
Nicole Roybal: Because I'm not drinking with them.
Nicole Roybal: Right. That does make sense. Like the oddball out like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. And now you're adding now you're bossy little cutie pie over there telling McLean their hands and they're not feeling it. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's revisit
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put aside virus for just a second. Let's just revisit your psychological stability for just a moment. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: You have far and above what it takes to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a doctoral degree in whatever you want far and above the ability to get a masters degree far and above the ability to get a college degree far and above the ability
Gwenevere Abriel: To have a reciprocal respectful loving relationship far and above the ability if you so choose to start family have a family raising family far and above the ability to stay sober for the rest of your life. You are not sober now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, you know, getting there in a very meaningful way you've cut out one of them.
That's
Gwenevere Abriel: That takes faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: With this unknown that I just talked about, that it will be reached.
Nicole Roybal: I hope so.
Gwenevere Abriel: It takes faith in yourself.
Nicole Roybal: It just sucks, like how you're saying like to move out. We'll get a job and move on and stuff like that isn't like it's not that easy. You know, I got to get a job and then figure out how to save money when I'm literally
Nicole Roybal: Sitting here and then Daniels and my grandma's house looks like three houses my food stamps and I'm just, I think. So if I have a job and I have many of them still spending money in three places.
Nicole Roybal: And to save money and they take forever to save up enough money to get an apartment like $1,000
That's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Nicole Roybal: My point though these what you said it like it's so easy, but it's not. I'll be here for
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't say it was easy. I
Nicole Roybal: Know, I know you didn't mean it sound like it's so easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, I believe that you have what it takes to above and beyond.
Gwenevere Abriel: Above and beyond. You have everything that it takes
Gwenevere Abriel: The part that gets in the way is you think you have some magic that can predict the future. But you and I both don't
Gwenevere Abriel: We have to whatever degree.
Gwenevere Abriel: A belief in you. Sometimes I believe in you more than you believe in yourself.
Nicole Roybal: Probably
Nicole Roybal: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Somebody needs to
Gwenevere Abriel: Not yelling you but say you've got the stuff you've got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Day after day after day, you've got the stuff
Gwenevere Abriel: Most important person is you the believes it. But for now, you can borrow mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So incredibly smart and you don't know it because nobody's telling you. Holy shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing,
Nicole Roybal: Live always tells me I'm smart.
Nicole Roybal: Okay so much yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can minimize mine too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to read the crystal ball. You just do one thing. The same way you schedule an appointment St. It's it takes the exact same skills. There's no possible way I could have written all of the papers that I wrote. If I did what you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I never written a graduate school paper before. Why on earth would I think I could
Gwenevere Abriel: I get a written one
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wrote one and it just about killed me because every sentence. Every word was agonized over
Nicole Roybal: What does that mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: It means I needed it to be perfect and so
Nicole Roybal: You're an agony over every word. Yeah, okay, good. I get
Gwenevere Abriel: That meant that that paper took this much time when really you only this much time.
Nicole Roybal: But it felt like that was chatting. So you're saying
Gwenevere Abriel: It took this much time because I kept rewriting re looking up.
Nicole Roybal: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Like all of this, but but here's the problem. I had five other classes.
Nicole Roybal: And oh, gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that was not adaptive was not efficient something needed to change the papers were still going to be do somebody needed to change. I'm not going to get my professors to change. I needed to make a change.
Gwenevere Abriel: My approach to the sentence might approach to I'm good enough that they let me enter this during school, surely, I've got what the stuff
Gwenevere Abriel: To write a paper they let me in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me turn one in
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm not getting my other work done. I'm not studying these other exams, because I'm focused on a perfect paper. Now, I don't even know what to put it up against what would a purpose paper look like I've never even written one or seen one.
Nicole Roybal: Wow, okay.
Nicole Roybal: We get what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was trying to be perfect, right. This is an analogy for what I think you're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to imagine into the future. All of the things that could go wrong. And I'm trying to get ahead of them. I don't want to ever hear you use the wrong APA style for quotation, or whatever it was. It's so detailed so many little details.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to hear it. And I don't want to hear it because I'm sensitive to criticism.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say pretty common thing.
Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it meant I might fail out of school. So is this really what's needed
Gwenevere Abriel: If this if I spend this much time on this one paper but I fail on a school is that efficient.
Nicole Roybal: No. Oh, OK. OK, I see, I see.
Nicole Roybal: Focus on one thing, too much because then you're gonna
Nicole Roybal: miss out on all the other things right away. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now we're going to take it to you, but it has to do with projecting into the future. Perfect. I want to know what is it you know what the next move is for you. But you are waiting for the perfect recipe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you'll go to it. What's the thing that you really know you need to do.
Nicole Roybal: A job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what's keeping you from doing it.
Nicole Roybal: Oh, this week working
Nicole Roybal: Well, I guess I think I need to do is I need to get that
Nicole Roybal: I need to call my grandparents insurance and get that figured out so I could become their caretaker. Okay, that's kind of the job in China, get you know i mean i need me, and I don't mind helping them. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: So that's something I should sit on my mind a lot and I keep not doing it, but I need to be there with my grandparents, do it.
Nicole Roybal: I mean, we've seen them this week yet because of the network.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just so you know you. This has been on your plate. Long before the intensity
Gwenevere Abriel: Of virus was in front of us.
Nicole Roybal: True, so
Nicole Roybal: More scattered now to
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just convenient for you to use this because no one's gonna argue with you but me, I will, because that's how I roll, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a good excuse you got a good one. Now, you really got a good one.
Nicole Roybal: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was, there was an excuse you were using before. This came up
Nicole Roybal: I'm smoking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really okay but you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, well, you were going over there and you were taking care of them. You were smoking less
Mm hmm.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I was afraid about them knowing that I see.
Nicole Roybal: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: They found out that you smoke cigarettes. So now all that's left is the weed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so I'm not going to get into what cognitive dissonance is but it might be
Nicole Roybal: For next time. All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it. Let's do it just happened here.
There we go.
Good grief internet
Okay. This is really weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, since I can't find it, just talk about it what what is if I were to write down
Gwenevere Abriel: If the goal is
Gwenevere Abriel: To become
Gwenevere Abriel: Care, the actual title is caregiver or caretaker because they're different in my world, so what what do you know, that was the proper term is
Nicole Roybal: Let's suppose caretaker.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, so this question.
Gwenevere Abriel: I use the word caregiver. Because to me, a caretaker is someone that takes care of a dead body.
Nicole Roybal: Or your
Gwenevere Abriel: Or your or your lawn. So for me, it's a giver. So, um, I always get this feeling. Every time you say, kind of like the caretaker will move the body into the
Nicole Roybal: City and caregivers.
Gwenevere Abriel: The last person that takes care of me. It's good to be the caretaker.
Nicole Roybal: Not seeing everyone calls it caretaker. I don't have that everything became a thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm can be the one that's wrong. That's how it goes and
Nicole Roybal: I don't know.
Where the heck
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well I'll look it up if something's going on with my electronics here. So this is what we'll do, we'll say become I'm going to say caregiver and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not. I'm wrong, but will say caregiver first steps of client will. What's the first step.
Nicole Roybal: Call their insurance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now why is it that you have to be over there. Why can't you ask them for the number
Nicole Roybal: Because I can't talk to the insurance on behalf of someone else unless that person like consensual meet you or says it's okay so my grandma business has to get on the phone and say yes. Okay. Like this is Connie, it's okay for her to
Nicole Roybal: Can you talk to her about my help.
Nicole Roybal: She can't call them.
Gwenevere Abriel: She can't be on a three way call with you. I don't understand why I
Nicole Roybal: Guess. Yeah, last time we did. That was my mom did that she was so confused. As you know, what the hell is going on. She's all
Gwenevere Abriel: But but but Nicole, you're a part of to. It's actually hard to get you to stay really concrete, you get right you know how you giggle and you, you kind of
Nicole Roybal: What you think we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you're very intelligent. So you go, you go a lot of different places and your grandma may only hear the change in topic. So it might be grandma, you're talking to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sarah.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's looking to hear from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's okay that
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole be your official caregiver.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sarah is asking
Gwenevere Abriel: For you to tell her.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Grandma. Is it okay that I be your caregiver.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes sweetie. Of course, it's okay. I want you to be my caregiver, Sarah. Did you hear her. Do you want to ask her a direct question. So, Grandma, you're on the phone with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're on the phone with insurance, Sarah, we're all together. She needs to know it's okay that I be your caregiver. Notice how slow and agonizing that is
Nicole Roybal: I know I that's how I do have talked to my grandma, but you're some awesome. My mom did that it took them like 20 minutes just to figure it out like just to be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get there so they get so lost you understand
Nicole Roybal: It's hard. I'd rather just be able to share with them. And I'm going to be able to go over there. Now that word school
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: So I got to school and
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't forget the other part, right, there's this virus. So it's not it's not the same. You waited. Now you've got another challenge in front of you.
Nicole Roybal: You ate him. That's true. Well, even if I'm the caretaker. What am I, I mean I have to go there. Either way, I started doing they're here to here, so
Nicole Roybal: We're kind of not sure what to do either. And that's why I'm so scared because it was a frickin virus.
Nicole Roybal: I don't want to consider.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we do this. What if we said the first task is
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll talk about how to get that information.
Nicole Roybal: And I don't know what they're going to want to like know what they're not want me to talk to their medications or anything like that. So that's where I'm nervous. I don't know what they're going to know
Nicole Roybal: And do you need to call and find out.
Nicole Roybal: There's common ask them. Exactly. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, tell me again with the first task is
Good information.
Nicole Roybal: From Blue Cross.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, information is kind of vague.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say I might not understand what you're saying, but you can correct it. I need to call Blue Cross and ask them about the application process to become an official caregiver period. Now, that's the way I work things. What is it for you. Ask them what
Nicole Roybal: That actually said it perfect. You just said application process. Why isn't this working
Nicole Roybal: Application process to be a
Gwenevere Abriel: What is this application and requirement process and they're going to direct you somewhere, they're going to give you a website, they're going to say, go go here, go talk to data they're going to redirect to somewhere probably
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you go there and let's just start with that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, nothing's holding you back from calling
Gwenevere Abriel: The call itself is the task we can
Write it when you make the call.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happens on the call. But that you call. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Okay. That's all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's schedule. Our next appointment, a new task. We've got figured out here.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a my availability is different this coming week so
Nicole Roybal: challenges facing
Gwenevere Abriel: Good challenges but challenges.
Nicole Roybal: keep you busy in life right
Gwenevere Abriel: I have
Gwenevere Abriel: If we met.
Gwenevere Abriel: We met at nine o'clock on Sunday. What are you doing at that time.
Nicole Roybal: At work with my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not gonna work.
Mm Hmm, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: That the only thing I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of heavy on call.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about set, I guess, finish, I am unavailable it my time my time my time my time my time and I've got three time zones. I have to think about right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do it. I'm not available, my time at 12 year 1010 Selena since nine but the latest I can do anything on Saturday, April 4 would be nine, you might be working. So I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: Saturday, April 4
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, yeah. That's next week right at 9am I'm sure I could do that.
Nicole Roybal: You're working Kim's even do
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know if I spend my time zone off. Then I really screwed up but
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I'm okay at nine o'clock April 4
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If something else opens up I'm going to text you
Gwenevere Abriel: And try and try and get you in during the week but if not, you've got something in place. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, Saturday, April 4 at 9am
Nicole Roybal: And if you did this at the time zone or anything at all just texting.
Gwenevere Abriel: On a cancellation during the week I'll let you know if it's early. I'm assuming you go into work. What you get 10 is that when you go in
Nicole Roybal: Yeah 1011
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so sometime between, you know, eight and
Gwenevere Abriel: 10
Nicole Roybal: Sounds yeah cuz I'm all Sunday we go home at 630 and then we get back at like 10 so it's different but Sunday's is another place that we don't go to school and that they would be in a different place.
Nicole Roybal: So that's why it's different.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I'll be I'll be available on Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have enough medication to get you to
Nicole Roybal: Say,
Nicole Roybal: Yes, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: To group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and I will see you on Tuesday.
Nicole Roybal: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make a call.
Nicole Roybal: I know I will see you later. I gotta get leave it.